Hey- this time the new song of akb
I think that I would like to introduce the movie version since it only arrived before .
Contains raw photograph It is here
Yes I was in this bag
Before introducing
Yes I am a member to shake hands
It becomes this
Then I would like to introduce a raw photo
Since I saw the last raw photo, I entered
First of all
It is Muto
To that Nakanishi if possible
Kodama
I want to play, but it's Takeuchi again
Introduction You are more column off without
I did not hear you
I would like to hear from Mr. Yukimura
Lily of the valley to the
I do not have hope
Wish you
Yes it is a child do not know
The third floor I
Yes
It is plum-chan
4 sheets name
I 'm a ticket t person yes
5 th purchase over by
It is a puke house .
Well then it's Ichikawa, yes
I put it here that I can not offer 1
Next is to
8 Shimazaki I I like Ballmer is Haruka
It's a pretty face, but this is a boycott
that
Naa but I think that gives me
Yes, it's not tab hope that it as long as seen inlaid
I pulled a lot, but yes
This can be provided
is not it
I'm sorry
It was really amazing.
Of Nogizaka
There are raw pieces
It is prefectural of rainy day akb
Says Jenny
Kojima Isao Yes
8 than the blood that
To the fist of akb
I'm a little happy but on the other hand
A little
Disappointed yes
When the photo of Atsu Bertha increases
It is the second place Renar
It is also the first time to catch errors in the movie version, yes
It is Kizaki
last
Odani is good , but in crisis
Yes it is was not well so
If we obtain
Yes, because we are organized now gone
Hey do you
Yesterday
Is it
It is like this
If you have hope
Than please contact Aichi same
echo
Provide we wish best regards because it is in eager
This eh video Thank you for your viewing am cod more